quick reshuffle for chep (#313)
DIRACGrid/diracx: README.md

![Legacy tests](https://github.com/DIRACGrid/diracx/actions/workflows/integration.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)
![security: bandit](https://github.com/DIRACGrid/diracx/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)

# DiracX

This repository contains the code for DiracX.

> It is still extremely incomplete. Check the [status board](https://github.com/orgs/DIRACGrid/projects/2/views/2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is still incomplete. Check the [status board](https://github.com/orgs/DIRACGrid/projects/2/views/2).
```

> The documentation is scatered in [various files](./docs/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The documentation is scattered around [various files](./docs/).
```
